welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're going to start a string of bacon
rich films with a 1999 ghost story stir
of echoes the next time you find
yourself in a highly suggestible state
watch this video and subscribe to the
channel let's get to it
we open on a house with a boy and a bath
talking to no one we can see
while the baconator strums his guitar in
the background as he sets up for bedtime
stories we learn jake is one of those
kinds of kids
does it hurt to be dead you know
perceptive
downstairs we learn through maggie's
sister lisa that maggie is with
child and we see from tom's behavior
that he's a bit of a dick
his motivation seems to be that he's
driven by feelings of inadequacy derived
from the high and
unrequited expectations he's set for his
life path with the stage set the young
couple heads across the street to a
house party
full of thirsty midlifers as it
eventually winds down lisa fills the
conversational lull by over
sharing about her interest in hypnosis
this salty blue-collar gang of
materialists are initially unimpressed
but
after poking at tommy's sore spot
regarding his limited life experience
she goads him into being a test subject
she takes him through a visualization
exercise that puts him in a deep state
of suggestiveness and he wakes up to
find that they've been poking him with
needles and uproariously laughing at his
childhood traumas so you know these guys
like the party
that night they have some clothes on sex
interrupted by violent visions
tom tries to push through but goes limp
at the thought of fingernails coming out
he tries to find a consumable fluid that
will clear his mind but the visions
persist
and jake knowingly offers him creepy
comfort don't be afraid of it daddy
when he manages to circle back with lisa
on this she admits to leaving a vague
post-hypnotic suggestion about keeping
his mind open which sounds responsible
that friday debbie the sitter shows up
and thomas some strange visions that
leave him unsettled and eventually cause
him to run back home
meanwhile debbie hears jake talking to
who he identifies as samantha prompting
her to exert her babysitter authority to
remove him from the home
so when tom returns to the empty house
he has to follow the red eventually
finding them at the train station
as they sort it we learned debbie was
bringing jake to her mom to
answer questions about samantha her
sister who's been missing for six months
tom recognizes her from his
hallucinations but says nothing
at home they have some questions for
jake who like all children who speak
with dead persons
decides to play it super cash and mostly
ignores them
as tom becomes obsessed with this he
checks with harry his landlord to verify
if samantha ever lived in the house
he confirms that she has not then tom
has a vision of his buddy frank telling
him he's in danger
when he wakes up and pursues the
sequence of his vision he finds frank's
son with a bullet lodged in his
chesticles
later on as they engage in normal
activities samantha's icy presence turns
maggie's hot steamer into a polar plunge
directing her toward the basement when
she emerges she finds tom deep in
another vision quest
this one with physical manifestations
this drives tom to lisa's house
desperate for a follow-up session to
drive this crap out of his mind hole
unfortunately this time he's unable to
rid himself those who have taken
residence in his consciousness
and the exercise does little more than
leave him with a new directive
maggie comes home later with groceries
and discovers the boys getting up to
their new hobby
she has several questions some about his
activities and some about his tats
he insists he has to dig he's just not
sure where and he
impolitely declines her request that he
cease and desist he recognizes his
harshness and tries to make it up to her
by guzzling juice and apologizing
but then awkwardly premonites that
maggie's grandmother has died
right before she gets the call the
tragedy initially unites them again
only to be torn asunder when he's
surprised that she expects him to pause
his project to attend the funeral
i mean it's not his grandma and he's
making such good progress here
so they leave the dirt ball to his work
but fairly soon thereafter his water
cuts off
forcing him into the basement now while
there he gets a little tickle in his
ball sack
prompting him to take on a more
significant project after a trip to the
tool rental shop he lugs an air
compressor inside and gets to
jacket on that concrete pad when maggie
calls to check in later he lies and says
he's feeling fine and basically done
digging but then he attempts to sidestep
any suggestions about coming to the
funeral so
she announces her intent to come pick
him up this forces him to hurry up and
try to finish before she gets there
through this effort he accidentally
knocks the facade off a fake wall
revealing a void that contains a
desiccated corpse he touches its hand
and gets a full multi-camera flashback
revealing some of the neighborhood boys
lured her into the house and then
escalated the situation in classic
shit-bag fashion
tom decides to give frank the courtesy
of letting him know about his son's
activities firsthand
before calling the police and even
invites him back to view the body
turns out frank's seen it before as the
fathers were complicit in protecting
their sons then frank warns him away and
a shot rings out
all this noise has attracted harry's
attention who arrives under the auspices
of coming to check on his property they
pounce on tom in short order but are
delayed in their murderous intent by
maggie's arrival
sensing something is off she arms
herself and enters eventually being
forced to stab some fools before frank
returns from the dead to finish them off
having achieved full closure now
samantha wanders off into the light and
the family moves out as
jake soaks in the secret whispers of the
neighborhood
just a quick reminder that i've created
a website that allows you to make
donations to support the channel any
donation earns you a link to an
uncensored 10 minute video featuring
toby hooper's life force any support is
greatly appreciated stir of echoes was a
competently constructed ghost thriller
but it also indulged in some common
tropes and has a very distinctly 90s
feel to it although
that's something many people are
probably nostalgic for if you enjoyed
the video i'd love for you to become a
part of the channel by subscribing
thanks for watching